Add legacy_name param to use the original attachment names (#35520)
demisto/content: Packs/GmailSingleUser/ReleaseNotes/1_4_3.md

#### Integrations

##### Gmail Single User

> - Updated the configuration parameters- added a Use Legacy Name param in order to use the plain attachment name.
> - Updated the attachment name to be in the following format : <the attachment ID\>-attachmentName-<the attachment name\> only if the attachment is inline and **Use Legacy Name** is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a Use Legacy Name configuration parameter in order to use the plain attachment name.
- Updated the attachment name to be in the following format: <the attachment ID\>-attachmentName-<the attachment name\> only if the attachment is inline and **Use Legacy Name** is disabled.
```
